[Music]
hello everyone and welcome to a new
season of the laundry segment with hit
third year we're in a new location
basically our new laundry room is
massive so I was very happy when I moved
in and saw this we have a washing
machine which is a definite upgrade from
last year we have a tumble dryer which
is much the same as the one from last
year but still decent at least I know
how to use it and I've done two loads
I'm just taking the load out of the
washing machine honey into the trier and
put another load in the washing machine
yeah I suppose laundry at university has
never been better and it really is the
highlight of my day of my week of the
month season as always over on my
Instagram account I have asked you guys
for questions to entertain me whilst I
do my laundry I'm so organized but I've
got them written up I've got a lot of
questions so much I get through as many
as possible but I might save some for
future weeks but yeah thank you send
questions in the drying rack has
returned let's start off with a juicy
question our rule professor in Cambridge
equally good the definite answer to that
one is no in general the teaching
quality is pretty high but quite
naturally some people are better at
teaching than others I haven't had that
many awful lecturers at all as in I've
never had a lecture course where I
haven't understood anything because the
lecture has been that bad and then I
guess we have supervisors as well for a
one-to-one teaching sessions and some
supervisors are more on it than others I
have had supervisors who haven't marked
my work before I got to the supervision
which I handed in for them which
technically they should have done but
then again there's probably been weeks
where I've missed the handles for my
supervision so you know maybe I'm a bad
student as much as they're a bad
supervisor second question ask some of
your friends doing astrophysics with
you this yeah so there's two of us from
Jesus College this year doing
astrophysics so it's me and my friend
Hannah it's actually a very small course
there's only 17 of us in total so it's
quite a small class and that's across
all the colleges seventeen people from
all the colleges in third year doing
astrophysics however everyone is really
nice in that group of 17 so I actually
only vaguely knew everyone else
obviously I've come across people in
lectures and spoken to people briefly
before but the other 15 people I didn't
know that well but I'm getting to know
them as we go through the course
together it's kind of like being back at
six form doing a-levels again with the
class size and everyone helping each
other out chatting before and after
class it's nice cuz everyone knows
everyone else on the course
someone sent in what do I really think
of my new room so I posted a room tour
last week that's my video and the
reaction from most people was oh my god
poor you how are you surviving in this
room it's not quite as nice as my
variance from previous years I will
admit but I genuinely don't think it's
that bad I was quite shocked at the
reaction that it got yes it has its
flaws there are missing pieces of carpet
and stains on the carpet and chips on
the walls and it's smaller and the
storage space isn't as much and it is a
significant downgrade from the beautiful
room I had last year but I've also
really settled into it and another
question I got was how's the house and
it's just so homely and cozy and I just
really like it I'm actually really
pleased to be getting this slightly
different accommodation experience in
third year compared to second year I
actually could have chosen the same room
I had last year at the third year and I
know a little you will probably think
I'm mad for not choosing the room I had
last year again the decision to move to
a house with these sorts of rooms was
kind of made by my group of friends
because we've moved together and I don't
know I think it's just nice to change it
up from year to year and we have an oven
this year the kitchens big and I don't
have to move out my staff at
of every term so life is a lot easier
essentially they don't rent my room out
over the Christmas for a date or the
Easter holiday so I can stay in it
whenever I like over the holiday I don't
have to clear all my stuff out and make
my parents transport me and my staff all
the way to Union back multiple times per
year which is the biggest wind in my
opinion okay
so I've now hung up everything from my
first load and now I'm gonna put on my
second load because I'm that good at
laundry and I'm such a pro that I time
my loads ideally what will you be doing
this time next year and stay tuned to
find out because I hope that I'm gonna
be in my ideal situation that's probably
an unsatisfying answer but I'm excited
about next year whatever I end up doing
for now I'm just concentrating on this
year completing my third year of uni
getting a good grade oh this is a quick
question someone said tea or coffee I'm
gonna say coffee because I love coffee a
lot but I realize that caffeine does
have like quite a strong effect on me
I think it's been giving me slight
headaches and it's definitely been
disrupting my sleep pattern I've been
trying to have less coffee and recently
I've been appreciating tea a lot more I
really do love a cup of tea we get free
teas and coffees at the astrophysics
department this year which I've been
going on about so much like my friends
probably sick of hearing it now but you
know free coffee free tea free biscuits
it's a lovely department but yeah I've
been loving my cup of tea and biscuits
at the department but I do love coffee
as well just not on a regular basis did
you ever regret your university choice
no I was thinking this the other day
just as you do while I'm cycling to
lectures I was like do I regret choosing
Cambridge it's hard it really is hard
and I think I've shown you on my blog
that you know the work is stretching me
like you wouldn't believe I'm the most
challenged I've ever been academically
here and I know before you start
everyone's like oh you know what you're
signing up for but I don't think you
truly realized the
then a bit until you get here but I have
absolutely no regrets of coming here and
studying this degree the first two years
have actually been so much fun I've been
loving my university experience the
teaching quality is insane
I'm learning so much it's at a field
that interests me being surrounded by so
many other people with such great work
ethics just pushes me to work harder and
I think it's probably getting the best
out of me as well sure they have been
stressful times and that's my one goal
this year don't get as stressed but like
yeah the good times are far outweighed
the bad here yes such a good experience
I would recommend it to anyone
the machine is loaded up we have a guest
on the laundry segment after all so it
wouldn't be a laundry segment without a
good few questions on laundry so someone
asked what is your biggest laundry fail
and it's definitely still got to be in
first year when I put all my jumpers in
the washing machine and I put them on to
you hotter wash and they all came out so
stretched I was really upset my favorite
cardigan has never been the same since I
had a really nice red jumper that was
just stretched beyond belief and it's
made me cautious ever since I've had my
fair share of laundry files though I
haven't always been a laundry master if
you look back at my first year blocks I
just didn't know how to use the washing
machine so look how far I've come
someone else asked have I ever lost
things in the laundry yes in first year
when we had shared laundry rooms for the
whole of the year group I lost socks the
whole time I even lost atop one time in
that laundry room the thing is people
just took other people's stuff out of
the washing machine and socks got lost
that way by falling down the back or
tops fell down the cracks and because it
was
he'll stop people just didn't really
care it was rather unfortunate
but last year and this year I've been in
a staircase which has its own washing
machines so I haven't really lost stuff
because there's not as far for stuff to
go missing someone asked what filled
with your parents for failing to get in
astrophysics for actuarial because if
you weren't aware I've been considering
a career in both astrophysics or as an
actuary to be honest most of all my
parents just want me to be happy with
what I'm doing and they'd back me
whatever I did but I think they'd prefer
me to be an actuary just because it's
probably a more solid career path than
becoming an astrophysicist the
astrophysics field is more competitive
than ever at the moment like so many
people want to go into astrophysics
research I'm also a career in
astrophysics I'm 99% sure would not pay
as well as a career isn't actually
actuaries are very well-paid there's a
fairly defined route up until getting
qualified as an actuary which is
probably about four years into your
career maybe five my parents are both
nearing retirement age now so they've
both worked for many many years I think
from their point of view if you have a
well-paid job
life is a lot easier you can go on nice
holidays you can enjoy the luxuries in
life and even if you have a real passion
for the job you're doing
normally that passion will fade after
you've done 30 years or so of it so I
feel like their opinion might be that
the astrophysics it's very interesting I
should do that as a hobby on the side
and just go for the solid job which is
gonna pay well even if it's not the most
interesting stuff if they were in my
position they would choose to become an
actuary and nor an astrophysicist but I
do know they support me whatever I
choose to do and at the end of the day I
do value my parents opinions but I'm not
going to do something just cuz my
parents say
I'm gonna make the right choice for me
research everything properly and make an
informed decision not just based on my
parents opinion okay I think we're gonna
end it there with questions because I'm
through with my laundry so last turn the
washing machine on perfect so that
concludes this week's laundry segment
thank you very much for joining me in
the laundry room this week thank you if
you sent in questions and I'm sorry if I
didn't answer your questions I will try
and answer them in the future weeks but
I will see you soon with another laundry
segment where whoo goodbye everyone
[Music]